What is an incident?
    An incident is defined as one of the following:
    Unplanned interruption to an IT service 
    Reduction in the quality of an IT service
    Failure of a configuration item (CI) that has not yet affected service
    An event that has not yet impacted the service to the Customer

What is the goal of incident management?
    Restore a normal service operation as quickly as possible and within an 
        agreed service level agreement (SLA)
    Minimize impact on business operation
    Ensure that the best possible levels of service quality and availability are maintained

Personas in Incident management
    Business User: Aka End User
    Service Desk Agent: ITIL user, SPOC for the Business User
    Support Team Agent: Solves the incident tasks
    Incident Manager:Coordinates the Incident management process

Terminologies
    Incident: An Unplanned interruption to or quality Reduction of an IT service
    Problem: The underlying cause of one or more incidents
    Configuration Item: It maybe one of the following A physical entity, such as a
        Computer or router A logical entity, such as an instance of a database Conceptual, 
        such as a requisitions service
    Knowledge Articles: Used to share information between users of a Knowledge base

    Acronymns: ITIL, CI, CMDB, SLA

Three Stages of an Incident Lifecycle:
    1. Creation and Classification
    2. Investigation and Diagnosis
    3. Resolution and Closure

# Impact || Urgency || Privacy

Impact Definitions:
    How many users are affected?
    How many services are affected?
    Extent to which expected levels of service are affected.
Urgency Definitions:
    Extent to which the resolution can be delayed.
    Time available for repair or avoidance before impact is felt.
Priority Definitions:
    How quickly the service desk must address the issue.
    Sequence in which the incident requirees resolution.
    Time available within the SLA for incident response and resolution.